README.md, before:

# JAYAVARAMAN - Khmer T-Shirt Shop

A modern e-commerce website for selling Khmer-themed t-shirts with traditional patterns and contemporary designs.

## Features

- Responsive design for all devices
- Product filtering and search
- Shopping cart functionality
- Admin dashboard
- Product management system
- Size guide and care instructions
- Newsletter subscription
- Secure checkout process

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- PHP (for backend APIs)
- Font Awesome icons
- Local Storage for data persistence

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Meanchengleang/khmer-tshirt-shop.git
cd khmer-tshirt-shop
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

## Repository Structure

```
khmer-tshirt-shop/
├── index.html          # Main store page
├── admin.html          # Admin dashboard
├── styles.css          # Main styles
├── admin.css          # Admin styles
├── script.js          # Store functionality
├── admin.js           # Admin functionality
├── pages/             # Additional pages
├── img/              # Product images
└── README.md         # Documentation
```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Update product images and documentation

README.md, after:

# JAYAVARAMAN - Khmer T-Shirt Shop

A modern e-commerce website for selling Khmer-themed t-shirts with traditional patterns and contemporary designs.

## Features

- Responsive design for all devices
- Product filtering and search
- Shopping cart functionality
- Admin dashboard
- Product management system
- Size guide and care instructions
- Newsletter subscription
- Secure checkout process

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- PHP (for backend APIs)
- Font Awesome icons
- Local Storage for data persistence

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Meanchengleang/khmer-tshirt-shop.git
cd khmer-tshirt-shop
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

## Repository Structure

```
khmer-tshirt-shop/
├── index.html          # Main store page
├── admin.html          # Admin dashboard
├── styles.css          # Main styles
├── admin.css          # Admin styles
├── script.js          # Store functionality
├── admin.js           # Admin functionality
├── pages/             # Additional pages
├── img/              # Product images
└── README.md         # Documentation
```

## Images
Product images should be placed in the `img/` directory with the following requirements:
- Format: JPG or PNG
- Size: 800x800 pixels recommended
- Max file size: 500KB
- Naming convention: lowercase with hyphens (e.g., black-tshirt.jpg)

Current images required:
- img/black-tshirt.jpg
- img/khmer-pattern.jpg

## Image Requirements

All product images should be stored in the `img/` directory with the following specifications:
- Format: JPG or PNG
- Resolution: 800x800 pixels (recommended)
- Max file size: 500KB
- File naming: lowercase with hyphens (e.g., black-tshirt.jpg)

### Required Images
- black-tshirt.jpg
- khmer-pattern.jpg
- angkor-design.jpg
- traditional-pattern.jpg

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/amazing-feature`
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
